[Music]
then they told David look the
Philistines are fighting against Kyla
and they are robbing the threshing
floors
therefore David inquired of the Lord
shall I go and attack these Philistines
go and attack the Philistines and save
kill but David's men said to him look we
are afraid here in Judah how much more
than if we go to Kyla against the armies
of the Philistines then David inquired
of the Lord once again and the Lord
answered him arise go down to Kiana for
I will deliver the Philistines into your
hand David and his men went to Key
Island and fought with the Philistines
and struck them with a mighty blow and
took away their life stone
so David saved the inhabitants of key
island
now it happens when a buyer fur the son
of Ahimelech fled to david at key either
that he went down with an effort in his
hand and soul was told that david had
gone to get Ayana so saul said God has
delivered him into my hand but he has
shut himself in by entering a town that
has eight sandbars then Saul called all
the people together for war to go down
to ki Allah to beseech David and his men
when David knew that Saul plotted evil
against him he said to abaya the priests
bring the ephod here
o Lord God of Israel your servant has
certainly heard that soul seeks to come
to ki ila to destroy the city for my
sake for the men of ki ila deliver me
into his hand will Saul come down as
your servant has heard O Lord God of
Israel
I pray tell your servant he will come
down will the men of ki ila deliver me
and my men into the hand of Saul they
will
so David and his men about 600 arose and
departed from key islands and went
wherever they could go then it was told
soul that David had escaped from key
isla so he halted the expedition and
David stayed in strongholds in the
wilderness and remained in the mountains
in the wilderness of Ziff Saul sought
him every day but God did not deliver
him into his hand
so David saw that Saul had come out to
seek his life and David was in the
wilderness of Ziff in a forest then
Jonathan Saul's son arose and went to
David in the woods and strengthened his
hand in God and he said to him do not
fear for the hand of Saul my father
shall not find you you shall be king
over Israel and I shall be next to you
even my father Saul knows that so the
two of them made a covenant before the
Lord and David stayed in the woods and
Jonathan went to his own house
then the ZIF i'ts came up to seoul at
Gibeah is David not hiding with us in
strongholds in the woods in the hill of
her Kaila which is on the south of Josh
Hyman now therefore o King come down
according to all the desire of your soul
to come down in our part shall be to
deliver him into the King's hand
blessed are you of the Lord for you have
compassion on me please go and find out
for sure and see the place where his
hideout is and who has seen him there
but I am told he is very crafty see
therefore and take knowledge of all the
lurking places where he hides and come
back to me with certainty and I will go
with you
and it shall be if he is in the land
that I will search for him throughout
all the cleanse of Judah
so they arose and went to Ziff before
Saul but David and his men were in the
wilderness of man in the plain on the
south of Juche ayman when saul and his
men went to seek him
they told David therefore he went down
to the rock and stayed in the wilderness
of man and when saw heard that he
pursued David in the wilderness of man
and Saul went on one side of the
mountain and David and his men on the
other side of the mountain so David made
haste to get away from Sol for Saul and
his men were inserting David and his men
to take them but a messenger came to
Seoul hurry had come for the Philistines
have invaded the land
therefore salt returned from the suing
David and went against the Philistines
so they called that place the rock of
escape and David went up from there and
dwelt in strongholds at Engedi